Fix the parAzFirewallCustomPublicIps' allowed list. (#790)
Azure/ALZ-Bicep: infra-as-code/bicep/modules/hubNetworking/generateddocs/hubNetworking.bicep.md

parDdosLock    | No       | Resource Lock Configuration for DDoS Plan.  - `kind` - The lock settings of the service which can be CanNotDelete, ReadOnly, or None. - `notes` - Notes about this lock.  
parAzFirewallEnabled | No       | Switch to enable/disable Azure Firewall deployment.
parAzFirewallName | No       | Azure Firewall Name.

> parAzFirewallPoliciesEnabled | No       | Switch to redeploy Azure Firewall Policies deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parAzFirewallPoliciesEnabled | No       | Set this to true for the initial deployment as one firewall policy is required. Set this to false in subsequent deployments if using custom policies.
```

![Parameter Setting](https://img.shields.io/badge/parameter-optional-green?style=flat-square)

> Switch to enable/disable Azure Firewall Policies deployment.

Reviewer: I think we should keep this description as it was as it would be confusing for new deployments.
